Updates for version 04 (#8)
NLnetLabs/draft-yorgos-dnsop-dry-run-dnssec: draft-yorgos-dnsop-dry-run-dnssec.md

testing DNSSEC deployments without affecting the DNS service in case of DNSSEC
errors.
It accomplishes that by introducing new DS Type Digest Algorithms that when

> used in the records of a DS RRset, referred to as dry-run DS, signal to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used in every record of a DS RRset, referred to as dry-run DS, signal to
```

zone operators.

This document describes a method called "dry-run DNSSEC" that builds upon the
two aforementioned efforts and provides measurable feedback about DNSSEC
resolution health to operators by enabling production testing of a DNSSEC zone.
This is accomplished by introducing new DS Type Digest Algorithms.

> The zone operator signs the zone and makes sure that the DS record(s) in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The zone operator signs the zone and makes sure that every DS record in the
```
